Update usermanual.md about expressions in commands: (#870)
telefonicaid/iotagent-json: docs/usermanual.md

  "move": 20
}
```

> -   Commands can be defined at the group level as well as the device level. When a command is defined at the group level, the command is copied to the device, and further modifications are not reflected at the device level. So if a command was defined at the group level and then modified only at the group level, the device command should be modified manually to reflect the same changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Commands can be defined at the group level as well as the device level. When a command is defined at the group level, the command is copied to the device, and further modifications are not reflected at the device level. So if a command was defined at the group level and then modified only at the group level, the device command should be modified manually to reflect the same changes. In other words, the command at group level could be seen as a *template* that it is *instantiated* each time a new device on that group is created.
```

In case this clarification/addition helps. Otherwise, ignore it with NTC.

}
```

> The agent provides additional information, hereafter referred as **context**, in order to be used to evaluate the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The agent provides additional information, hereafter referred as **JEXL context**, in order to be used to evaluate the
```

To be clear it is not the sames the context information managed by ContextBroker, sometimes referred as **NGSI context**.

> expression of the **command** as well as the **device endpoint** when apply. In all cases the following data is available to all expressions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
expression of the **command** as well as the **device endpoint** when apply. In all cases the following data is available to all expressions within the JEXL context:
```

-   `id`: device ID
-   `type`: NGSI entity type (principal)
-   `service`: device service (`Fiware-Service`)
-   `subservice`: device subservice (`Fiware-ServicePath`)
-   `staticAttributes`: static attributes defined in the device or config group

> -   `attribute`: attribute name and value involved in the command.

Author: Done in https://github.com/telefonicaid/iotagent-json/pull/870/commits/399bcee817b9ddff321eb79b941c76efacf3207c

}
```

The agent provides additional information, hereafter referred as **JEXL context**, in order to be used to evaluate the
expression of the **command** as well as the **device endpoint** when apply. In all cases the following data is available to all expressions within the JEXL context:

-   `id`: device ID
-   `type`: NGSI entity type (principal)
-   `entity_name`: Entity Name
-   `service`: device service (`Fiware-Service`)
-   `subservice`: device subservice (`Fiware-ServicePath`)

> -   `staticAttributes`: static attributes defined in the device or config group (flatted into context object).
> -   `attribute`: attribute name and value involved in the command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Static attributes defined in the device or config group (flatted into context object), by name.
-  The attribute involved in the command, by name.
```

I think is better not to use the `code style` in this case, because it is used by the others (`id`, etc.) and the reader may think they are literal references.

An example of JEXL context could be like:

```json
{"id":"disp2","type":"thing","service":"smartcity","subservice":"/","entity_name":"thing:disp2","color":"blue","brand":"tef","reset":0}
```

> Where *color* and *brand* are static attrs and *reset* is the command name and *0* is the value for the command.

Reviewer: I understand it is not a way of distinguish static attributes (color, brand) from the command involved in the command (reset). Is my understanding correct?

> Where *color* and *brand* are static attrs and *reset* is the command name and *0* is the value for the command.

Reviewer: Maybe a note on that can be added:

```suggestion
Where *color* and *brand* are static attrs and *reset* is the command name and *0* is the value for the command. Note that from a jexl context point of view, there is no distinction between static attributes and the attribute for the command (it is supposed that the writer of jexl expression knows the name of command and the names of the static attributes).
```

> This way an example for use jexl expressions for **endpoint** could be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This way an example for use jexl expressions for **endpoint** could be (note that the `subservice` element includes the `/` as first character):
```

```json
{

>     "endpoint": "'https://myendpoint' + '/' + service + subservice + '/' + id + '/' + type"

Reviewer: I understand this is preferable over the previous alternative (`service + '/' + subservice `) given that subservice has the `/` char included. Is my understanding correct?

>     "endpoint": "'https://myendpoint' + '/' + service + '/' + subservice + '/' + id + '/' + type"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    "endpoint": "'https://myendpoint' + '/' + service + subservice + '/' + id + '/' + type"
```
